README.md, before:

```yaml

#Charlie is my name, and space physics is my game 😎

currently: "Fourth-year Physics student at Lancaster University."
experience: "I've been coding since 2018, focusing mainly on mathematical modelling, simulations, and data visualisation."
languages: "I mainly use Python, but I've done some work in C++ and I used to do a lot of CSS."

some_of_my_projects:
    [

          "CXT": "produced raytracing simulations of optical components built into the Cold-Driven Expansion Tunnel at the Oxford Thermofluids Institute, University of Oxford."
          "[Ringmind](http://ringmind.org)": "an interdisciplinary project showing the self-organising power of planetary ring structures and how they relate to human thinking and unconventional computing."
    ]

I love music - I play piano, guitar, bass and drums - as well as bouldering and hiking. If you want to reach out, you can find me at charliepf.04@gmail.com 🫡

```

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 /> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 /> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 /> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/matlab/matlab-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 />

Commit message:

Update README with personal details and interests
Added contact information and interests section to README.

README.md, after:

```yaml

#Charlie is my name, and space physics is my game 😎

currently: "Fourth-year Physics student at Lancaster University"
experience: "I've been coding since 2018, focusing mainly on mathematical modelling, simulations, and data visualisation"
languages: "I mainly use Python, but I've done some work in C++ and I used to do a lot of CSS"
contact: "charliepf.04@gmail.com"

some_of_my_projects:
    [
        "CXT": "produced raytracing simulations of my optical systems built into the Cold-Driven Expansion Tunnel at the Oxford Thermofluids Institute, University of Oxford"
        "Ringmind": "an interdisciplinary project showing the self-organising power of planetary ring structures and how they relate to human thinking and unconventional computing"
    ]

my_interests:
    [
        "Music": "I play guitar, piano and bass, and I'm learning drums"
        "Hiking": "Studying near the Lake District has its perks"
        "Gym": "I've been going for just over a year"
    ]

```

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 /> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 /> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 /> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/matlab/matlab-original.svg" height = 100 width = 100 />
